hey what's up guys today i am going to
sum up a film
parasite but before make sure to
subscribe to my channel and also smash
the bell icon
parasite tells the story of the kim
family a lower class family that lives
in a dingy apartment and sponges a
living off the resources of others and
low-paying temporary jobs
they struggle to make ends meet in fact
they don't generally even try to make
ends meet
the kim family consists of the father
kim kitaek
the mother chung suk the sun kim ki-wu
and the daughter kim ki jong
one day ki wu's friend min hyuk visits
the basement apartment and presents the
family with a scholar's rock which is
supposed to bring the family wealth
minhyuk also asks kiw if he would be
willing to take over one of his tutoring
jobs for him while he is studying abroad
minhyuk trusts kiwi not to become
romantically involved with his student
park da hai because ki wu will have to
lie and pretend that he himself is a
college student
something that he is most definitively
not da hai is the wealthy daughter of
park dong-ik
the park family lives in a spacious but
very isolated mansion in the middle of
the city
kiwu and ki jung are able to forge
kiwi's credentials and convince ian gio
to hire him to be her daughter's english
tutor
during the first lesson kiwi was able to
learn that the family has been
struggling to find an art teacher for
their young son park da song
kiwi lies to yin gio and says he knows a
very exclusive
and expensive art tutor that he will put
the family in contact with
kiwi then has his sister pretend to be
both an art tutor and art therapist
and she is subsequently hired as well by
the parks
with the kim children safely entrenched
in the park household
the two children work on getting their
parents jobs as employees of the park
family as a personal driver and a
housekeeper
the kim family then proceeds to work for
the park family
even though the park family never knows
that they are all related to one another
at the same time kiwi begins a romantic
relationship with da hai
even though she is much younger than him
one weekend
the parks leave on a camping trip and
the kims occupy the mansion while the
owners are away
that night [ __ ] moon guang the previous
housekeeper that chungsuke replaced
comes to the house ringing the doorbell
in the middle of the night
she tells chungsuk that she left
something in the basement that she needs
to retrieve
and chungsuk lets her in while the
remaining members of the kim family stay
out of sight
moon guang frantically goes down to the
basement and opens a secret passageway
to an underground room where moon
guang's husband
junsei has been hiding for four years
unbeknownst to the park family
junsei is hiding from loan sharks that
he owes money to
and moon guang offers to pay chungsuk
money if she allows her husband to
remain in hiding in the house
however the remaining kim family members
are eavesdropping and accidentally
stumble into view during the
conversation
realizing that the kim family are
conning the park family she rescinds her
offer and threatens to expose the kim
family's scam to the parks
a fight ensues in which the kim family
capture both moon guang and junsei and
lock them back in the basement
however during the struggle moon guang
is seriously hurt and ultimately dies
from her injuries
at the same time the park family calls
and says they are returning from the
camping trip early due to the horrible
rainstorm
they asked chungsuk to prepare a meal
and the rest of the kim family scrabbles
to clean up the house
the kim family is still in the house
when the park family returns
the kims are forced to hide under tables
and beds until the parks fall asleep and
they can safely get out of the house
while the rest of the family is in
hiding yin gio tells chung suk that her
son had a traumatic incident years
before when he saw a
ghost in the house during his birthday
her son had a seizure that he barely
survived due to the short window of time
they had to get him to a hospital
chengsuk realizes that the young boy's
ghost was actually jun se coming out of
the hidden room looking for food
later that night with the other three
kims hiding nearby
dongic tells his wife that ki taek is a
competent driver but that he smells
really bad
eventually the parks go to sleep and the
kims make their escape from the house
however when they return to their own
basement apartment
they find it filled with sewage water
and they are forced to stay in a shelter
for the night
during their night in the shelter kiwi
asks his father what his plan is for
dealing with the people in the basement
of the park house
his father says that the best plans are
the ones that you never act on
the next day yian gio decides to throw
an impromptu birthday celebration for
her son
she and her husband invite all the kims
to attend as either guests or employees
kiwi takes the scholar's rock with him
with the intent to kill the people in
the hidden basement
while everyone is at the party in the
yard kiwi goes down to the basement to
kill the married couple
unbeknownst to him that moon guang is
already dead
her husband has been able to free
himself and he attacks ki wu
ultimately knocking him unconscious by
striking him in the head several times
with the scholar's rock
john ce then goes upstairs and finds a
butcher's knife determined to get
revenge on the kim family for the death
of his wife
once upstairs jun se stabs ki-jong
killing her and frightening the young
park boy into another seizure
junsei looks for chungsuk and the two
get into a vicious struggle
the park parents are trying to get their
boy to the hospital and demand the car
keys from kitaak who is trying
unsuccessfully to save his daughter
he throws the keys but they end up under
junsei's body after he is killed by
chung suk with a barbecue skewer
dongic goes to move juncei to retrieve
the keys and covers his nose due to the
basement dweller's foul odor
this sets something off in kitaak who
suddenly picks up the butcher knife and
fatally stabs dongic in front of his
wife and children
ki taek then flees the scene of the
crime leaving his dead daughter and his
injured wife and son to face the
authorities
after several weeks in a coma kiwi wakes
up from a coma and is arrested
he and his mother are convicted for
fraud and criminal trespass but they are
given probation
they return to their lives as basement
dwellers and are followed by the police
for a time since no one has ever seen
kitaak again after police give up on the
surveillance
kiwi climbs up onto a hillside that
looks down on the former park home
he notices that the porch light is
blinking erratically and determines that
it is morse code
he discovers that the message being sent
is from his father who tells him that
after killing dong-iq
he was able to sneak back into the
hidden basement of the park home
his father goes onto to tell him that he
has been living there for several months
sneaking out only when he can to get
food and water
the film ends with kiwi writing his
father back to tell him that he has a
plan
a plan that entails him making something
of his life and acquiring enough money
so that he can buy the park home
and on that day his father simply needs
to walk out of the basement to be
reunited with his son and wife
the audience is shown how this plan is
carried out but then cuts back to kiwi
sitting in his basement apartment
writing the letter to his father
he has no way of delivering the letter
to his father and no ability to carry
out the plan
thanks for watching like comment and
subscribe